You act as an experienced Interviewer, a helpful assistant, developed by Lorenzo AI, a company helping businesses find great job candidates.
You goal is generating 8 different questions, the first three questions are predefined:
1. Please give me a brief introduction of your background?
2. Can you tell me the top 3 achievements in your current role?
3. Tell me what makes you to be interested in our opportunity?
Follow by 5 personalized questions for this candiate based on the job description
job description [
VP of Sales
About Wonders 
At Wonders, we build products that delight restaurant managers and offload the 
operational burden of running a restaurant. By enabling frictionless connection between 
restaurants and their customers, we enhance the experience for everyone.
As a company built by technologists and former restaurant operators, Wonders has 
strong customer empathy. We obsess over placing our customers first and working 
backwards, and fundamentally believe that when our customers succeed, we succeed.
Our metrics are strong! Join a rocketship!
● Wonders has achieved significant growth over the past two years, growing 
annual recurring revenue by almost 4x to $46 million and quadrupling our 
customer base of mom and pop restaurants.
● Wonders has maintained profitability for 5+ years and continues to do so even 
with strong growth.
About the Role
This year, we plan to double our ARR and need the right leader to take us there. We 
will do this by providing top-of-class service and technology solutions to not only 
Independent Restaurants, but also Enterprise chains, and through Strategic 
Partnerships. Join us and build the revenue engine that you know you can.
The VP of Sales will be accountable for doubling our client base in 2023 and 
building out our Core Team, Enterprise Team, and Business 
Development/Partnerships Team..
You will use your team building and leadership skills to help Wonders sell our flagship 
product, the Voice Ordering Platform, as well as a suite of restaurant technology 
products such as POS, Delivery and Online by Q4 2023.
Responsibilities:
You are intuitive, entrepreneurial, aggressive, curious, and laser-focused on results. As 
the leader of the Sales Team, you will be accountable for:
● Achieving company growth targets through designing and building a revenue 
engine for independent restaurant clients and mid-market enterprise chains
● Collaborating cross-functionally to communicate market needs and sentiment to 
our teams for future planning
● Working closely with C-Level executives on Go-To-Market strategies
● Managing your Directors to achieve and surpass monthly, quarterly, and annual 
sales goals
● Communicating strategy, deal status, and financial forecasts clearly and 
accurately
● Own the Sales P&L
● Hiring and retaining talent
● Maintaining our phenomenal culture focused on customer, partners, and 
employee success
Minimum Requirements:
● You have 10+ years of Sales Management and 5+ years in a VP-level role at a 
technology services company. (Restaurant Technology company a plus.)
● A validated sales track record in quarterly and annual sales goal achievement
● A framework for building and running successful sales teams
● You have a natural intellectual curiosity to internalize our value proposition and 
have a knack for identifying the fastest path to sale 
● You are an intelligent, aggressive, results-oriented leader who is energized by 
building, growing, and leveling up your team
● You are not afraid to take risks and fail, but learn from your mistakes
● You bring passion, creativity, and energy to building our revenue engine in a way 
that maps to our team culture.
Skills:
● Salesforce - Wonders lives and dies by Salesforce, from Marketing to Sales to 
Post-Sales Account Management
● Asana - We run every meeting efficiently and clearly, with clear due dates and 
documented expectations
● Confluence - Wonders has a heavy writing culture, we find that it’s the best way 
to solidify our thoughts and document decisions to provide transparency across 
the organization
● Bi-lingual. Ability to speak, read and write Mandarin Chinese natively, as well as 
ability to speak, read and write English proficiently.
The compensation range for this role will be $xxx,xxx - $xxx,xxx in on-target earnings as 
you grow the team. Salary is dependent on experience and location. Competitive Bonus 
and Equity brings the total compensation package.] 

Candidate Resume:
 [
    . 
    JEAN KANY 
    jeankany@gmail.com Cell: +1 929 888 0093 NY/NJ, United States 
    
    SUMMARY 
    SKILLS 
    EXPERIENCE 
    Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Customer-oriented, strategic-thinking sales management professional successful in cultivating partnerships, retaining top accounts, and growing profit channels. Multi-tasking and self-motivated leader with expertise in expanding network connections and persuasively introducing products. Well-versed in implementing pricing models, managing vendor relations and expanding territory. 
    
    ●  Customer presentations 
    ●  Business support software proficiency 
    ●  Market and competitive analysis 
    ●  Budgeting and P&L 
    ●  Sales tracking 
    ●  Profit and revenue-generating strategies 
    ●  Market intelligence 
    ● General sales techniques● Excellent communication skills● Critical Thinking● Problem Solving● Market research, forecasting and analysis ● Persuasive negotiations 
    
    . 
    VP HEAD OF GLOBAL SALES & ENTERPRISE RETAIL | 04/2019 to Current CITCON - New-York, United States 
    ●  Provided professional services and support in a dynamic work environment. 
    ●  Managed time efficiently in order to complete all tasks within deadlines. 
    ●  Scheduled meetings with employees to address concerns and grievances. 
    ●  Managed compensation, insurance, and vacation days within employee benefits programs. 
    ●  Assisted in employee recruitment, hiring, and interview processes. 
    VP HEAD OF MERCHANT OPERATIONS EXCELLENCE | 08/2020 to 01/2021 CITCON - New-York, United States 
    ●  Participated in team projects, demonstrating an ability to work collaboratively and effectively. 
    ●  Proven ability to learn quickly and adapt to new situations. 
    ●  Used excellent verbal skills to engage customers in conversation and effectively determine 
    needs and requirements. 
    ●  Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of 
    various company programs.VP, ENTERPRISE & RETAIL GENERAL MANAGER | 10/2018 to 08/2019 
    CITCON - New-York, United States 
    ●  Aligned organizational objectives with the company mission to increase business growth and integrate work strategies. 
    ●  Identified problems and implemented solutions to better streamline operations. 
    ●  Increased company growth through collaboration with sales and marketing departments. 
    ●  Partnered with global business heads to lead deployment training. 
    VP SALES & ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT NORTH-AMERICA | 06/2018 to 04/2019 CITCON - New-York, United States 
    ●  Developed short and long-term sales strategies to gain market share, uncover new sales opportunities and increase revenue. 
    ●  Increased revenue by implementing effective sales strategies in the sales cycle process from prospecting leads through close. 
    ●  Led learning and development initiatives to educate sales personnel on new products and services. 
    . 
    
    OTHER PROFESSIONAL OCCUPATIONS 
    ● Analyzed competitive environment and customer procurement trends to support growth strategies. 
    GENERAL MANAGER US EAST & CANADA | 06/2017 to 04/2019 CITCON - New-York, United States 
    ●  Organized and detail-oriented with a strong work ethic. 
    ●  Used strong analytical and problem-solving skills to develop effective solutions for challenging 
    situations. 
    ●  Directed or coordinated financial or budget activities to fund operations and maximize 
    investments. 
    ●  Mitigated business risks by working closely with staff members and assessing performance. 
    DIRECTOR PRODUCT & MARKETING NORTH-AMERICA | 04/2016 to 07/2017 LION TRAVEL SERVICE CO., LTD - Taipei, Taiwan 
    ●  Trained staff in the operation and upkeep of equipment. 
    ●  Evaluated projects for required production resources 
    ●  Evaluated marketing personnel and offered constructive feedback on ways to improve. 
    ●  Recommended policy changes to improve marketing tactics and strategies. 
    MEMBER AND SPEAKER | 01/2018 to Current Merchant Advisory Group - Minneapolis, Minnesota 
    ●  Developed marketing campaigns for environmental technologies or services. 
    ●  Posted and updated content on the company's website and social media outlets. 
    ●  Implemented stories and anecdotes into speeches to make information more entertaining. 
    ●  Drafted speeches to persuade or entertain the audience. 
    MEMBER | 11/2017 to CurrentFrench Founders - New-York, United States 
    ●  Worked flexible hours across the night, weekend, and holiday shifts. 
    ●  Devised organizational vision, mission and foundational structure to facilitate early growth. 
    ●  Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. 
    ●  Delivered speeches and attended industry conferences to promote company image and 
    engage with buyers. 
    ESSCA - Grande École In Angers, France M.D.Major: Mass Retail Marketing, 2006 
    National Sun Yat-Sen University - Public University In Kaohsiung, Taiwan M.D.Exchange Program Management, 2005 
    University of California, Berkely Bitcoin and Cryptocurrencies, 2021 
    The University of Hong Kong Introduction to FinTech, 2019 
    Harvard UniversityPolitical and Intellectual Foundations, 2016 
    Lion Travel Academy - Taiwan Lion Travel Talent Manager, 2011 
    Sports 
    Soccer, Hockey (drafted to Senior on my firstJunior year) and Xtrem Sports (was sponsored in Taiwan) 
    Reserve Officer, French Navy 
    Included seminar at West Point 
    Multilingual 
    French (Native), English (fluent), Mandarin (fluent), Spanish (conversation)       
].

